WHAT ARE THE
REGULAR BUILDING MORE REPAIRS
MEAN FOR OCTOBER 17, 2024 ON
BOARD MEMBERS PAUL DARLING HERE
ROBERT HART.
DAVID, OUR STAFF IS ABSENT.
KEVIN COX IS ABSENT.
FLACK JR. HERE STAFF WE HAVE
MIKE LEMIEUX HERE.
RYAN MILLER HERE,
DEBORAH WILLIAMS HERE AND
MYSELF JULIETTE HARVEY, THANK.
AND WE HAVE A QUORUM.
WE HAVE A QUORUM AND MAJORITY
TO VOTE TO GET A MOTION.
IS THAT CORRECT?
YOU KNOW, I HEAR FROM THIS ONE
FROM WE'RE GOING TO GET TO IT
COULD BE
WHO DEBORAH ?
>> DO YOU KNOW WE NEED TO HAVE
A MOTION OF THREE PEOPLE THREE
PEOPLE POSITIVE SO ALL THREE
HAVE TO VOTE IN FAVOR.
>> CAN I GET A IS THERE ANY
PUBLIC COMMENTARY ON THE
GENERAL PUBLIC HERE?
NEXT ITEM ON THE AGENDA IS THE
APPROVAL OF THE AGENDA SO IT
CAN HAVE A MOTION FOR THAT FROM
SECOND IN FAVOR.
I PASSES WE APPROVE THE MINUTES
FROM THE SEPTEMBER 19TH
MEETING.
DOES ANYONE HAVE ANY MUCH TIME
MINUTES FROM CAN YOU GET A
MOTION TO APPROVE A MOVE TO
APPROVE THE MINUTES OF THE LAST
MEETING?
I SECOND AS A FAVOR I WAS A
PAST THE NEXT ITEM ON THE
AGENDA IS PEEL'S ACTION TO SHOW
CAUSE HEARING AND WE HAVE A ONE
VARIANCE TODAY WHEN VARIANCE
REQUESTED TODAY AND THE PROCESS
WILL BE IS THAT WE WILL HAVE
STAFF MAKE HIS REPORT
RECOMMENDATIONS HAVE YOU
HAVEN'T COME IN YOU CAN SIGN IN
AND THEN SPEND FIVE MINUTES OR
SO TALKING ABOUT YOUR APPEAL
AND THEN THE BOARD WILL ASK
QUESTIONS TO THE APPLICANT AND
STAFF AND THEN I HAVE A MOTION
AND THEN WE'LL VOTE ON IT.
AND THEN THE ONLY THREE BOARD
MEMBERS HERE TODAY WE NEED ALL
THREE HERE TO HAVE A SUCCESSFUL
VARIANCE SO STAFF YES.
>> SO THE BUILDING AT SEVEN
TWENTY ONE S FOREST IT'S A
MIXED USE OCCUPANCY CONSISTING
OF A THREE ARE TO BE AS TWO AND
IT'S A THIRTEEN STOREY BUILDING
TWO HUNDRED AND SEVENTEEN UNITS
AND IS CURRENTLY UNDER
CONSTRUCTION UPON THE PLUMBING
PLANS BEING REVIEWED INSPECTOR
RYAN MILLER IDENTIFIED THIS
ISSUE THAT THE APPLICANT IS
SEEKING RELIEF FROM STATE AND
THE VERTICAL DISTANCE OF THE
FIXTURE OUT TO THE TRAP.
WHERE SHALL NOT EXCEED TWENTY
FOUR INCHES IN THE HORIZONTAL
DISTANCE SHALL NOT EXCEED
THIRTY INCHES MEASURED FROM THE
CENTER LINE OF THE FIXTURE
OUTLET TO THE CENTER LINE
OF THE INLET.
THE TRAP WHICH IS SECTION ONE
ZERO ZERO TWO POINT ONE THE
TWENTY EIGHTEEN MICHIGAN
PLUMBING CODE THE BUILDING
PROCEEDED AND THE PLUMBING WAS
INSTALLED IN A MANNER THAT DOES
NOT MEET THE MINIMUM
REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION ONE
ZERO ZERO TWO POINT ONE.
NOW THE APPLICANT IS SEEKING
RELIEF FROM THIS REQUIREMENT.
STAFF RECOMMENDS THIS
APPLICATION BE DENIED AS IT
DOES NOT MEET THE STANDARDS FOR
APPROVAL.
THE CODE HAS NOT BEEN
MISINTERPRETED.
THE PROVISIONS OF THE CODE DO
APPLY AND THE PROPOSED REMEDY
IS NOT EQUAL TO OR BETTER THAN
THE MINIMUM REQUIRED STANDARDS
.
THE PALINS ATTEMPT TO GET A
RELIEF FROM ONE CODE SECTION TO
COMPLY WITH ANOTHER RELIEF FROM
ONE ZERO ZERO TWO POINT ONE SO
THAT SECTION NINE NINE POINT
TWO CAN BE MET.
THE CODE IS INTENDED TO BE
COMPLIED WITH IN FULL AND DOES
NOT ALLOW ONE SECTION TO BE
DISREGARDED SO THAT ANOTHER
REQUIREMENT CAN BE MET.
THE PLUMBING SYSTEM MUST MEET
ALL THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE
MICHIGAN PLUMBING CODE .
THE APPLICANT IS PROPOSING AN
UNTESTED AND NON-COMPLIANT
METHOD AND IS SEEKING THE
VARIANCE FOR COMPLIANCE.
OK, THANK YOU TO THE APPLE
PLEASE COME ON THE MICROPHONE.
CHECK YOUR NAME, MAKE SURE
YOU'RE SIGNED IN AND TELL US
ABOUT YOUR FILM.
WE ARE JUST SIGNED.
MY NAME IS MATT SPENCER.
I'M THE PLUMBING ENGINEER
OF RECORD ON THE PROJECT.
I'M HERE WITH SUBTEXT WHO IS
THE BUILDING OWNER AND ALSO THE
ARCHITECT WTG SO THIS WAS
SOMETHING THAT CAME UP WE
REQUESTED A PRE INSPECTION
BEFORE WE GO AHEAD AND
DUPLICATE THIS ACROSS SEVERAL
OF THE UNITS WITHIN THE
BUILDING, THE PLANNING
INSPECTOR HAD COME OUT TO THE
SITE, HAD MADE A COMMENT TO US
IN REGARDS TO THE SECTION NINE
OR NINE POINT TO AND THAT YOU'D
ALREADY STATED AND WE'LL DOING
THIS WE'RE SORRY PART OF THE
ISSUES THAT WE'VE BROKEN COMING
FROM THE SHOWER PAN IS UP THE
LEVEL TWO PODIUM SLAB.
THAT LEVEL TWO PODIUM SLAB IS
ACTUALLY POST TENSION CONCRETE
SLAB AND THE THICKNESS IS
TWENTY FOUR TO THIRTY SIX
INCHES THROUGHOUT THAT SECOND
FLOOR LEVEL.
SO IN ORDER TO INSTALL THE
HORIZONTAL WET THE SYSTEM THAT
WE HAVE SERVING THE BATHROOM
GROUPS WE WERE PROPOSING TO GO
WITH A BOX OUT AT THE LEVEL TWO
SLAB IN ORDER TO PROVIDE THAT
DISTANCE OF TWENTY FOUR INCHES
IN ORDER TO MEET THE THE
SECTION THAT WAS REFERENCE WHEN
WE DID THAT THEN IT REQUIRES AN
OFFSET IN THAT PIPE THAT TO GET
BELOW THE SLAB AGAIN IN ORDER
TO RECONNECT INTO THE REST
OF THE HORIZONTAL WEAPON SYSTEM
FOR THE BATHROOM GROUP AND WHEN
THE COMMENT WAS MADE WE AREN'T
ABLE TO GO AHEAD AND KEEP THE
PIPING AT THAT LEVEL AND THEN
ADD EVENT INTO IT WITHOUT
TEARING INTO THE CONCRETE,
WITHOUT POTENTIALLY HITTING
POSTVENTION SLABS WITHIN A
CONCRETE PODIUM AND THEREFORE
WE'RE PROPOSING TO GO AHEAD AND
DROP THAT LINE DOWN SO THE TRAP
IS FURTHER THAN TWENTY FOUR
INCHES IN ORDER TO STILL MEET
THE OTHER CODE REQUIREMENT AND
PREVENT THE VENTING OF THE
FIXTURES FROM EXCEEDING THAT
THAT'S REFERENCED IN THE CODE .
>> WE'RE ALSO
PROPOSING THAT IN
ORDER TO ALLEVIATE ANY CONCERNS
WITH SELF SYPHONING THAT WE ARE
PROVIDING A DEEP TRAP.
SO INSTEAD OF A TYPICAL TWO
INCHES WE'RE GOING TO PROVIDE
FOUR INCHES TO GO AHEAD AND
ALLEVIATE ANY ISSUES WITH SELF
SIPHONING OF THE TRAP.
>> AND BOTH OF THESE SECTIONS
WHEN LOOKING BACK AT THE
CODE AND COMMENTARY WHICH I
REALIZE IS NOT BUILDING
CODE BUT LOOKING AT WHAT ISIS'S
INTERPRETATION OF WHAT THESE
SECTIONS ARE WITH BOTH OF THEM
,THE CONCERN IS PRIMARILY WITH
SELF SYPHONING.
SO THE INTENT IS THAT YOU CAN'T
HAVE AN TRAPPE OR ANY OTHER
PROHIBITED TRAP LIKE THAT THAT
WOULD GO AHEAD AND ALLOW THE
TRAP ITSELF TO SIPHON OUT
WHENEVER IT'S DRAINING AND
THEREBY LETTING SURROGACIES
COME INTO THE BUILDING SO WITH
OUR RECOMMENDATION TO GO AHEAD
AND LOWER THAT TRAP AND EXCEED
THAT TWENTY FOUR INCH
DIMENSION, WE'RE ALLEVIATING
THE ISSUE WITH NOT BEING ABLE
TO MEET THE REQUIREMENTS
OF NINETY NINE POINT TWO BUT IT
IS IN CONFLICT WITH SECTION TWO
POINT ONE NOW WITH THESE
FIXTURES IT IS A SHOWER OR A
BATH TUB THAT THE TRAP IS IN
THESE LOCATIONS.
ALL OF THESE WHEN IF YOU HAD
HAPPENED TO HAVE A SELF-SERVING
EVENT THAT WOULD GO AHEAD AND
HAVE TRAILING WATER AFTER
YOU'VE TURN OFF WHATEVER
FIXTURE THAT ACTUALLY IS GOING
TO PRIME THAT TRAP AFTER IT WAS
SIPHONED IF THAT WERE EVER TO
HAPPEN.
SO WITH THESE ITEMS WE'RE
MAKING THIS PROPOSAL TO COME
BEFORE THE BOARD AND APPEAL
THAT SUGGESTION PRIMARILY
BECAUSE AT THIS POINT IN A
STAGE OF CONSTRUCTION WE'RE NOT
GOING TO BE ABLE TO GO AHEAD
AND CORPS THROUGH THAT POST
SLAB WITHOUT THE DANGER
OF HITTING SOMETHING OR
POTENTIALLY CAUSING ANOTHER
CONFLICT SOMEWHERE ELSE WITH
THE ARCHITECTURAL CODES, WITH
ACCESSIBILITY.
WE THANK YOU OR HAVE ANY
QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS THE
AFRICAN HOW BIG IS THE VERTICAL
DROP IN DIAGRAM PROPOSED
DIAGRAM SO IT DEPENDS ON WHICH
AREA IT'S IN.
LIKE I SAID, THERE'S TWO
DIFFERENT THICKNESSES THERE.
I BELIEVE THERE'S ONE SHOWER
LOCATION THAT'S THIRTY SIX INCH
DEEP SLAB AND THEN THE REST
OF THEM ARE ALL IN TWENTY FOUR
INCH DEEP SLABS SO AT MOST
YOU'RE GOING TO BE MAYBE TEN
TWELVE INCHES DOWN BELOW THAT
AND WITH THE TWENTY FOUR INCH
LOCATION YOU'RE PROBABLY GOING
TO BE CLOSER THREE OR FOUR
INCHES BELOW THAT
.
>> THIS HAPPENS IN EVERY SINGLE
BATHROOM IN THE UNION OR TO
CERTAIN FLOORS OR ONLY ON LEVEL
TO ALL THE UPPER FLOORS THEY
JUST HAVE A STANDARD CONCRETE
DECK WITH WITH THE BACKING FOR
THE METAL AND IT'S A SEPARATION
OF PLATFORM ASSEMBLY THAT'S A
POTENTIAL SLAB THERE, CORRECT?
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
YOU'RE TALKING MAYBE HALF A
DOZEN BATHROOMS, DOZEN
BATHROOMS AT THAT LEVEL.
IT'S MORE THAN THAT.
I THINK IT'S IN TOTAL THERE'S
ABOUT SEVENTY THREE FIXTURES IN
TOTAL AND THAT SECOND WATER
LEVEL ONLY APPLIES TO THE
SHOWER IN THE BATH IT WOULD
SHOWER IN BATHTUB.
THERE ARE A FEW LOCATIONS THAT
THERE ARE SOME BATHTUBS AS WELL
AND IS THE DEEP SEA OF TRAPPED
FOR YOU.
>> SO WHAT THAT DOES IS IT
INCREASES THE DEPTH OF THAT
TRAP SO THAT WILL GO AHEAD AND
HELP PREVENT ANY VACUUM
PRESSURE THAT'S POTENTIALLY
CREATED FROM ACTUALLY THAT
WATER OUT OF THE TRAP ITSELF
AND PULLING IT WITH.
SO BY DEEPENING THAT TRAP
YOU'RE ACTUALLY ARE ENSURING
THAT YOU ACTUALLY HAVE A HIGHER
PRESSURE THAT IT TAKES TO
OVERCOME IN ORDER TO GO AHEAD
AND ACTUALLY SIPHON THE TRAP
ITSELF.
YOUR CONCERN IS A HIGH RISE
TALL BUILDING.
THERE'S A LOT OF WATER GOING
DOWN THE STACK THAT CREATES
THAT PRESSURE NOT IN THIS CASE
MAINLY BECAUSE THIS IS LEVEL
TWO.
SO THIS IS ACTUALLY THE BOTTOM
OF ALL THOSE AND BECAUSE WE'RE
IN A HIGH RISE CONDITION WITH
THE VENTING WE HAVE THE BOTTOM
TWO STORIES CAN'T TIE INTO THE
REST OF THE STACKS SO THOSE ARE
ALREADY SEPARATED OUT.
WE'RE ONLY TALKING ABOUT THAT
LOWER FLOOR HERE SO YOU HAVE
LESS VERTICAL STACK PRESSURES
THERE AND THEN CORRECT THERE
WOULD BE LESS OF AN ISSUE WITH
STACK EFFECT IN THIS CASE.
AND I THINK ONE OF THE COMMENTS
THE SPEAKER HAD IS THAT THERE
HASN'T BEEN AN UNTESTED SYSTEM
SO IT WASN'T REALLY COMMISSION
IS TO CONFIRM THE DEEP FRAPPIER
WORK AS FAR AS OK, WE'RE GOING
TO SEE IF THE VACUUMING SYSTEM
WORKS AND IT'LL BE, YOU KNOW,
ALLEVIATE THE CONCERN AND WE
HAVE A DEEP TRAP.
LET'S GO AHEAD AND TEST IT OUT
AND WE SHOULD CERTAINLY DO
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
YEAH, I DON'T BELIEVE ANY
OF THE DRAIN PANS HAVE BEEN
INSTALLED YET BUT WE COULD
CERTAINLY SET UP A TEST AND IF
THE INSPECTOR WOULD LIKE TO
COME OUT AND WITNESS THAT TEST
,I THINK THAT WE CAN GO AHEAD
AND GET THAT ACCOMPLISHED ON
AND I JUST RECOMMEND THAT MAYBE
WE HAVE WE'LL GO AHEAD AND
INSTALL THE PIPING SO THE TRAP
HAS A CLEAN AT THE BOTTOM
OF IT.
SO AFTER WE'VE GONE THROUGH A
DRAIN EVENT WE CAN GO AHEAD,
MAKE SURE IT'S ALL BEEN DRAINED
OUT, OPEN UP THERE, CLEAN OUT
AND WITH THE WATER COMING OUT
WE WOULD BE ABLE TO DETERMINE
THAT IT'S STILL IN FACT PRIMED
SO THEY'RE ALL IDENTICAL.
SO IF YOU TESTED ONE YOU TAKE
THEM ALL THEN, CORRECT?
YEAH, CONCERNED WITH THAT FROM
AN INSPECTION POINT FOR POINT
OF VIEW FOR COMPLIANCE.
I NEED IT TO CONDUCT THE TEST.
YES.
IS THERE ANY ADVANTAGE TO
ADDING A TRAP PRIMER PRIMER YOU
COULD POTENTIALLY ADD A TRAP
PRIMER THE PURPOSE TRAP
REIMER'S IF YOU HAPPEN TO HAVE
A TRAP THAT DOESN'T SEE A LOT
OF WATER THEN YOU WOULD GO
AHEAD AND FILL IT UP THE
SIMILAR SITUATION STILL EXISTS
AND THAT IT'S STILL BELOW THE
CONCRETE PODIUM SO WE WOULD
NEED TO GO AHEAD AND BASICALLY
CORRICK OR DRILL CONEXION DOWN
THERE FOR THAT TRAP PRIMER
YOU'RE USING A SHOWER AND SURE
YOU GET A LOT OF WATER IT
SHOULD GET GOOD VALUE AND GOOD
TECHNIQUE.
KEEP THAT WET SO ANY OTHER
QUESTIONS FOR THE APPLICANT?
YOU CAN WRITE DOWN EMOTION
MOTION, READ IT
RIGHT.
I GET THE RIGHT MOTION.
YEAH,
OK, IF YOU WANT TO READ
AND WE CAN DISCUSS IT.
>> YEAH OK GREAT.
I MOVED IT IN BBA TWENTY FOUR
DASH ZERO ZERO ZERO SIX THE
APPEAL OF THE BUILDING
OFFICIALS DECISION THAT THE
WORK PROPOSED AT SEVEN TWENTY
ONE S FAR BE GRANTED RELIEF
FROM SECTION ONE ZERO ZERO TWO
POINT ONE OF THE TWO THOUSAND
EIGHTEEN MICHIGAN BUILDING
CODE AND THE BUILDING BOARD
OF APPEALS REVERSES THE
BUILDING OFFICIALS DECISION FOR
THE REASON THAT THE APPLICANT
HAS PROPOSED AN EQUAL OR BETTER
FORM OF CONSTRUCTION WITH THE
FOLLOWING STIPULATION ONE THAT
THE WORK IS PERFORMED PER THE
APPLICANTS PROPOSED BOXTEL
DETAIL NO TO INCLUDE DEEP
SEATED TRAPPE INCREASE PEIPING
SIZE FROM ONE AND A HALF TO TWO
INCHES TO THAT A SAMPLE
INSTALLATION WILL BE PROVIDED
TO ALLOW COMMISSIONING OF THE
ARRAY AND TESTED TO THE
SATISFACTION OF THE CITY
PLANNING INSPECTOR AND THREE
THAT APPROVAL OF THIS VARIANCE
SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE A
PRECEDENT FOR FUTURE SIMILAR
APPEALS.
OK THANK YOU.
ANY DISCUSSION BY THE BOARD ON
THE VARIANCE QUALIFIER IS ON
YOUR MIND ON THE SECOND FLOOR
OF IT EXCEPT THE FACT IS ONE
SECOND FLOOR AND THERE'S NO
OTHER FIXTURES LOCATED ABOVE.
>> I GUESS THAT IS THE CASE.
THAT'S CORRECT.
DOES THE CITY INSPECTOR HAVE
ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT THE WAY
THEY'VE ALWAYS
WRITTEN AS FAR
AS THE VARIANCE THAT'S
ACCEPTABLE?
>> I THINK WE SHOULD PROBABLY
ALSO HAVE ENGINEER SIGN OFF ON
THE APPROVAL OF THE METHOD.
I'M ASSUMING YOU'RE LOOKING FOR
A THIRD PARTY ENGINEER.
YES.
OK, OK.
THIS IS A TEST THE
COMMISSIONING IS I GUESS WOULD
BE SIMILAR KIND OF PROCESS WENT
OUT THE HALL OF FAME IN TERMS
DETECTIVE INSPECTOR WAS
COMMISSIONED FOR THE
INSPECTORS, YOU KNOW, SO I
THINK THAT THEY WILL MEET THAT
REQUEST FOR ANOTHER BOY.
>> THEY'RE
ANYTHING ELSE FROM
CITY STAFF AS FAR AS
RECOMMENDATION?
OK, I READ THE LAST TWO ITEMS.
I DO HAVE A QUESTION.
OK, SO JUST AS I READ THIS WHEN
DID THE TWENTY EIGHTEEN
CODE GET ADOPTED IS THAT
CORRECT?
>> FIFTEEN OR EIGHTEEN THIRTEEN
STORY CURRENTLY ON TWENTY ONE
BUT WE WHEN WE DO THE PLANNING
REVIEW WE REVIEW IT UNDER WHEN
IT WAS SUBMISSIONS WERE
SUBMITTED SO IT IS EIGHTEEN.
>> YES OK ALL RIGHT OK UM SO IF
WE COULD JUST I GOT THE ONE
STIPULATION THAT THE PROPOSED
ALTERNATE PLUMBING ARRAY ONLY
PERTAINS TO THE SECOND LEVEL
AND THE PART ABOUT THE THIRD
PARTY ENGINEER IS THAT PART
OF THE COMMISSIONING?
NO, THERE WOULD BE A SEPARATE
THING THEY WOULD THEY WOULD
THEY WOULD GET A LETTER FROM
THAT THE THIRD PARTY WOULD BE A
BIT POINT.
THAT'S WHERE I SEE THAT AS THE
STIPULATION AND THE THIRD PARTY
ENGINEER DOING THE REVIEWING IT
AND SAYING, YOU KNOW, REVIEWING
OUR TESTING METHOD I THINK IS
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
YES.
OK, WOULD WE WANT THEM TO
WITNESS THE TEST AS WELL?
YES, I'D LIKE THEM TO ALSO
WITNESS OK AND THAT'S A SEALED
SOME SEALED LETTER TO BE
WITNESSED IT AND THAT'S WHAT
WE'VE BE DOING WELL THERE AND
YEP.
SURE THERE ARE THIRD PARTY
MECHANICAL ENGINEER IN THE
STATE OF MICHIGAN IS WHAT THAT
WOULD BE.
>> YES
.
OK, SO YOU OR SO JUST TO REREAD
THAT ONE STIPULATION THAT IS A
SAMPLE INSTALLATION WILL BE
PROVIDED TO ALLOW COMMISSIONING
OF THE ARRAY AND TESTED TO THE
SATISFACTION OF A CITY PLUMBING
INSPECTOR AND A THIRD PARTY
MICHIGAN LICENSED MECHANICAL
ENGINEER IS THAT YES.
OK, SO SHOULD I READ IT ONE
MORE TIME?
THE WHOLE THING OK ALL RIGHT I
MOVE THAT IN CASE BEEBER 24
DASH ZERO ZERO ZERO SIX THE
APPEAL OF THE BUILDING
OFFICIALS DECISION THAT THE
WORK PROPOSED TO SAY SEVEN
TWENTY ONE S FORESTS BE GRANTED
RELIEF FROM SECTION ONE ZERO
ZERO TWO POINT ONE OF THE
TWENTY EIGHTEEN MICHIGAN
PLUMBING CODE AND THE BOARD
OF APPEALS REVERSES A BUILDING
OFFICIAL'S DECISION FOR THE
REASONS THAT THE APPLICANT HAS
PROPOSED AN EQUAL OR BETTER
FORM OF STEP OF CONSTRUCTION
STIPULATIONS ONE THAT THE WORK
IS PERFORMED HEARD THE
APPLICANTS PROPOSE BOX OUT
DETAIL NUMBER TWO INCLUDING THE
DEEP SEAL A TRAP AND INCREASE
PEIPING SIZE FROM ONE AND A
HALF TO TWO INCHES TO THAT A
SAMPLE INSTALLATION WILL BE
PROVIDED TO ALLOW COMMISSIONING
OF THE ARRAY AND TEST IT TO THE
SATISFACTION OF THE CITY
PLUMBING INSPECTOR AND A THIRD
PARTY MICHIGAN LICENSED
MECHANICAL ENGINEER THREE THAT
THE PROPOSED ALTERNATE PLUMBING
RAY ONLY PERTAINS TO THE SECOND
LEVEL OF THE BUILDING AND FOR
THAT APPROVAL OF THIS VARIANCE
SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE A
PRECEDENT FOR FUTURE SIMILAR
APPEALS.
THANK YOU.
ANY FURTHER DISCUSSION?
DO YOU HAVE A SECOND SECOND?
OK, THANK YOU HERE FOR THE
DISCUSSION PUDNEY SO WE HAVE A
MOTION.
WE HAVE SUPPORT, WE HAVE
SUPPORT SO IT WAS IN FAVOR AND
ONE AGAINST NO TWO PASSES
LEARNS SO CITY STAFF WILL BE
SENDING YOU A LETTER
SUMMARIZING US IN THE NEXT WEEK
OR SO IS THAT CORRECT?
>> ANY QUESTIONS FROM THE
APPLICANT?
OK, NO THANK YOU
DEBORAH .
NEXT ITEM ON THE AGENDA IS OLD
BUSINESS IN NEW YORK.
THIS IS MY STAFF FOR CITY.
I HAVE A QUESTION UNRELATED TO
ALL OF THIS ALL AROUND TOWN
THERE ARE A BUNCH OF ABANDONED
BOXES THAT LOOK LIKE THEY USED
THE HOTEL EQUIPMENT.
OK, GOOD.
OK, I WAS JUST CURIOUS BECAUSE
THERE AT LEAST IN OUR PART
OF THE NORTHEAST PART OF TOWN
THERE A LOT THAT LOOK LIKE
THEY'VE BEEN SMASHED OVER AND
THE WIRES ARE HANGING OUT AND I
JUST WONDERED IF THAT WAS
SOMETHING YOU GUYS WERE AWARE
OF .
THEY BELONG TO SOMEBODY IF YOU
GIVE ME AN ADDRESS LIKE HERE
SOMEWHERE WHERE WE COULD LOOK
AT IT, I COULD HAVE SOMEBODY
CHECK IT OUT AND WE KIND
OF TURN THE MEETING.
>> YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
OK, I KNOW SHE'LL SAY NO OLD
BUSINESS, NO NEW BUSINESS.
>> WE HAVE MOTION TO ADJOURN
SOME SECOND PERSON FAVOR.
I WHO ARE JOINED AT 157.
>> THANK YOU